what's up everybody it's CJ from dream
diecast cars and today is just a little
bit of news addressing some comments
I've got in talking about what I'm going
to be putting out videos so I hear
ghosts it's kind of funny how I'm
putting out a video that's telling you
about what I'm going to be making videos
because my friend is on YouTube actually
just put out a video just like this if
you want to check out his channel click
here um so now let's get on to the stuff
about this channel I'm going to start
putting out a bunch of videos on
starting next Monday that's like every
money from them because i'm busy at
school but winter break is just about to
start and I already have video I haven't
edited yet it's about a koenigsegg CCX
so that should be exciting and um with
what I break I should have time to make
lots of videos I'm also planning on
putting out a video on Christmas I've
been blending this for a while so I
think I'm gonna go through with it just
going to be a Christmas special and I
hope you guys enjoy it but that's not
for a while now that the more boring
stuff is over you know about what I'm
going to be putting out videos and stuff
let's look at some comments you guys
have given me now start with one that
was given to me by one one one time bomb
he was one of my first subscribers and
he asked me if I could do a review of a
continental GT Bentley and I'm sorry if
I got you excited with having this year
I'm not going to do a review of it now I
just want to tell you though I'm
probably not going to be getting you
know just the GT since I had the Flying
Spur right here so that's probably what
I'm going to be doing a review of and
said that another comment that I want to
address it wasn't actually comment I
think he sent it to me a message but no
matter was one from White Knight two
thousand and one he told me about a car
that I've been really excited about my
think i'm going to get it or buy it or
whatever it's a rolls-royce ghost made
by kyosho and i just wrote em i probably
gonna get that car
so I'm really excited to get something
like that so I'm really hoping i can get
it and if i do i will put out a video
about it right away so my very last
order of business for this video here is
thank you everyone for subscribing I
have it says 41 subscribers actually 40
because for some reason includes me and
the subscribers but anyway thank you so
much everybody for subscribing I'm
really happy i never expected that
aggregate this many subscribers are
views so thank you so much i wish i
could be putting out videos more often
but i think that's about to change was
when i break coming up so stay tuned to
dream diecast cars and i hope to see you
around soon see you next Monday